# Site Overview - Open Issues UI/UX

## Nav bar - Open Issues
    **l/d theme**
    - in light theme, the nav bar is transparent when on main hero, but when we scroll down it becomes solid white. when the navbar turns white the page navigation text turns black to contrast against the white. The theme toggle isnt changing and being washed out.
    - When the change of the navbar happens the brand logo is shrinking in size from the original size we want to keep the logo at the same size.
    **hover effects**
    - Dark mode hover effects dont contrast well against the background.

## Landing Hero - Open Issues
    - can we add a overlay color to the hero section? The way the nav bar is in its transparent state in each color. This will amplify the contrast of the text and make it more readable.

## Services - Open Issues

## Portfolio - Open Issues

## Resume - Open Issues

## Contact - Open Issues

## Footer - Open Issues

## All Sections - Global Issues
Would like to add a `onboard.{localhost|127.0.0.1}:4000` directory that will be a dashboard canvas that allow you to potentially edit the config file directly from the UI, we need to ensure that it only works on the local environment and not on the live environment. The changes should be saved to the config file and then reflected in the live environment. We can potentially set a pw and username to access the dashboard if needed. We should be able to set the requirement.

This would allow us to select the colors and theme directly from the UI and not have to edit the config file directly. 